roles: Fill content (#52)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/roles/overview/reading/README.md

As part of their work, content developers work on all types of content: text, slides, media, support.

The goal of content developers is to **provide high-quality easy to use and to reuse educational content repositories**.
Typically, for a course / topic, content developers provide a content repository and a solution repository.
The content repositories are to be then used by educators and learners.

Typical content developer actions are:

1. Create content repository, typically from the [`oer-template` template repository](https://github.com/open-education-hub/oer-template).
1. Create companion solutions repository as a private repository, typically from the [`oer-internal-template` template repository](https://github.com/open-education-hub/oer-internal-template/).
1. Create initial structure of repositories.
   Configure repositories for publishing content.
   Push configuration and initial structure to trigger deployment.
1. Fill contents.
   Add content, review content, improve content.

The figure below presents an overview of the typical actions of content developers.

![Content Developer](../media/content-developer.svg)

## Educator

> Educators focuses exclusively on the delivery repository and is dedicated to making sure information is presented in the best way for students to learn effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Educators focus exclusively on the delivery repository and are dedicated to ensuring information is presented best for students to learn effectively.
```

Educators are **users** of content developed by content developers.
They follow the general instructions laid out in [the "Using and Delivering Content" chapter](../../../use-deliver/overview/reading/read.md).
Educators configure the content and select and order topics according to their preference, curriculum and learner group specifics.
Based on configuration, educators trigger the deployment of content.

Generally, educators work on the delivery repository, a fork of the content repository.
Optionally, a solutions delivery repository may be used, a fork of the solution repository.

The goal of educators is to **structure, prepare and present the content for learners with minimal effort according to their preference and specifics**.

Typical educator actions are:

1. Create fork of content repository as delivery repository.
1. (Optionally) Create fork of solutions repository as solutions delivery repository.
1. Create configuration (typically by editing the `config.yaml` file) to select and order content according to preference and specifics.
1. Push configuration update to trigger deployment.
   Validate deployment.
1. Use content during educational activities with learners.

> Figure below presents an overview of the typical actions of educators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figure below presents an overview of the typical actions of educators.
```

![Educator](../media/educator.svg)

## Deploying Content

Content is deployed automatically, triggered by updates from content developers and educators.
Content deployment rests on default or custom configuration of [infrastructure components](../../../infrastructure/overview/reading/read.md), such as GitHub, SmileyCoin node, GitLab & [`vmchecker`](../../../infrastructure/checkers/reading/read.md) and others.

Educators and content developers should not be concerned about these.
Deployment should work out of the box.

It is the responsibility of infrastructure managers to ensure proper functioning of deployment infrastructure.

> Figure below present an overview of the deployment steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The figure below presents an overview of the deployment steps.
```

![Educator](../media/deploying-content.svg)

## Learner

Learners are the actual beneficiaries / consumers of the educational content being deployed from the delivery repositories.

> Learners are the target group of the content being created by content developer and being customized by educators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learners are the target group of the content being created by content developers and being customized by educators.
```
